here are this week's top movies remember
when the holidays were actually fun in
bad mom's Christmas holidays and
visiting mothers are combustible moms
don't enjoyed they give joy that's how
being a mom works this year Christmas
both families together two families
sharing the holidays are put to the test
in daddy's home - you got a pump fake
that thing all night you gonna take a
shot Brad good a world-famous detective
Hercule Poirot in Murder on the Orient
Express
a famed detective investigates a
trainload of suspicious passengers the
real killer is right here one of you
people see what's hot in theaters with
this week's fantasy patient
[Music]
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]